and if you ask them where's the 700
billion pounds there's literally nothing
that they can say because
number one they have no idea who has it
number two
if they did know
they would have to tell you it's all
gone to the richest people in the
country and they don't want to tell you
that
and number three it's totally
indefensible that they don't know so I
think
this is you know people message me a lot
recently saying what can we do to help
and I think the main thing that you can
do is educate yourselves and spread the
videos but if you want to
more directly criticize an attack this
is the thing you can do you know you can
call into LBC you can call into you can
go on question time you can go on you
can post on your socials and you can say
listen the government is given that 700
billion pounds since the beginning of
covert
that is 14 000 pounds for every single
adult in the country
if we took that money back we could fix
these problems
who has the money now